In this video.
We're going to do a quick wrap up on arrays and discuss when we're going to use them.
Well, pretty simple and straightforward, as you might guess.
We're going to use an array in TypeScript any time we want to represent a collection of records, usually
with some very similar type about them.
Now, this might seem like a silly lecture to put in here.
Like, I'm sure you've got a good idea of when to use a raise, but it turns out that there is another
very similar data structure in TypeScript, very similar to arrays called tuples or tuples.
So we're going to talk about tuples in just a second.
And they're going to look very similar to arrays, but with some distinct little differences about them.
So right now, I just want you to understand that we're going to continue to use arrays any time we
want to represent a collection of different records.
All right.
So let's take a pause right here.
When we come back in the next section, we're going to start discussing tuples and how they're just
slightly different from arrays.
It's a quick pause, and I'll see you in just a minute.